Ksatter handbook 4583 weekly doc update process (#5279)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/community.md

### Reviewing PRs from the community

If you're assigned a community pull request for review, it is important to keep things moving for the contributor. The goal is to not go more than one business day without following up with the contributor.

A PR should be merged if:

- It's a change that is needed and useful. 
- The CI is passing.
- Tests are in place.
- Documentation is updated.
- Changes file is created.

For PRs that aren't ready to merge:

- Thank the contributor for their hard work and explain why we can't merge the changes yet.
- Encourage the contributor to reach out in the #fleet channel of osquery Slack to get help from the rest of the community.
- Offer code review and coaching to help get the PR ready to go (see note below)
- Keep an eye out for any updates or responses.

> Sometimes (typically for Fleet customers), a Fleet team member may add tests and make any necessary changes to merge the PR. 

If everything is good to go, approve the review.

For PRs that will not be merged:

- Thanks the contributor for their effort and explain why the changes won't be merged.
- Close the PR.

## Updating Docs and FAQ

> When someone asks a question in a public channel, it's pretty safe to assume that they aren't the only person that's ever had the same question. In order to make sure the documentation is as useful as possible, the Community team gathers questions and uses them to make a weekly documentation update. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When someone asks a question in a public channel, it's pretty safe to assume that they aren't the only person looking for an answer to the same question. To make our docs as helpful as possible, the Community team gathers these questions and uses them to make a weekly documentation update. 
```

> As a general goal, every question should be answered with a link to the Docs and/or result in an update to the Docs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is for every question to be answered with a link to the docs and/or result in a documentation update.
```

### Tracking

> When responding to a question or issue in the #fleet channel of the osquery Slack workspace, push the thread to Zapier using the `TODO: Update docs` Zap. This will add information about the thread to the [Slack Questions Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15AgmjlnV4oRW5m94N5q7DjeBBix8MANV9XLWRktMDGE/edit#gid=336721544). In the `Notes` field, you can include any information that you think will be helpful when making weekly doc updates. That may be something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When responding to a question or issue in the [#fleet](https://osquery.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-h29zm0gk-s2DBtGUTW4CFel0f0IjTEw#/) channel of the osquery Slack workspace, push the thread to Zapier using the `TODO: Update docs` Zap. This will add information about the thread to the [Slack Questions Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15AgmjlnV4oRW5m94N5q7DjeBBix8MANV9XLWRktMDGE/edit#gid=336721544). In the `Notes` field, you can include any information that you think will be helpful when making weekly doc updates. That may be something like:
```

- Proposed change to the documentation.
- Documentation link that was sent as a response.

> - Link to associated thread in `#help-oncall`.

Reviewer: As an aside, we need to define a consistent way of writing Slack channels and include a link.
```suggestion
- Link to associated thread in [#help-oncall](https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C024DGVCABZ).
```

### Making the updates

Every week, the Community Engagement DRI will:

- Create a new `Weekly Doc Update` issue on Monday and add it to the [Community board](https://github.com/orgs/fleetdm/projects/36).
- Review the Slack Questions Spreadsheet and ensure that any necessary updates to the documentation are made. 

>     - Update the spreadsheet to indicate what action was taken (Doc Change, FAQ added or None) and add notes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Update the spreadsheet to indicate what action was taken (Doc change, FAQ added, or None) and add notes if need be. 
```

- Set up a single PR to update the Docs. 
    - In the notes, include a list of changes made as well as a link to the related thread. 
- Bring any questions to DevRel Office Hours (time TBD).

> - Submit PR by end of day on Thursday. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit the PR by the end of the day on Thursday. 
```

> - Once the PR is approved, share in #fleet channel of Osquery Slack Workspace and thank the community for being involved and asking questions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the PR is approved, share in the [#fleet channel](https://osquery.slack.com/archives/C01DXJL16D8) of Osquery Slack Workspace and thank the community for being involved and asking questions. 
```
